update the readme (#2370)
netdata/learn: README.md

## Netlify status

master    : [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/bafd033d-602b-4635-94f4-17c0b1235480/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/netdata-docusaurus/deploys) </br>
staging  : [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/bafd033d-602b-4635-94f4-17c0b1235480/deploy-status?branch=staging)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/netdata-docusaurus/deploy-status?branch=staging) </br>
staging1  : [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/bafd033d-602b-4635-94f4-17c0b1235480/deploy-status?branch=staging1)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/netdata-docusaurus/deploy-status?branch=staging1) </br>

## Contributing to Netdata Learn

Most of the files in the `/docs` folder are "mirrors" of their original files found in the [ingested repositories](#ingested-repositories).

The files in the `/docs` folder of repository should not be edited.

The [documentation contribution guidelines](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/guidelines.md) explain this architecture a bit further and go through some of the methods for making or suggesting edits.

> Please also take a look at the [style guide](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/contributing/style-guide.md). We offer friendly advice on how to produce quality documentation, hoping that it will help you in your contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also look at the [style guide](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/contributing/style-guide.md). We offer friendly advice on producing quality documentation, hoping that it will help you contribute.
```

    cd learn
    ```

2. `yarn` version `14.16` or higher should be installed on the system, usually with `npm install yarn` (you can also use the `--global` tag)
3. `node.js`, version `12 - 16` should also be installed on the system, `nvm` works best for this, so you can hot-swap node.js versions.
4. Install dependencies.

    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```

5. To start the frontend end of Learn, running at port `3000`, use:

```bash
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Markdown changes are reflected live without having to restart the server (removing/adding files will need a re-run of the command). If you want to suppress warnings you can run `yarn -s start`.

## Ingest and process documentation files

As explained in the [contributing to Netdata Learn](#contributing-to-netdata-learn) section above,
all of the files in the `/docs` folder are mirrors of their original versions located in Netdata's repositories.

### Manual ingest via local environment

> You can run the ingest script manually in a local development environment. Most of the times you will make changes in any repo of the [repos](#ingested-repositories) (or your forks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the ingest script manually in a local development environment. Most of the time you will make changes in any repo of the [repos](#ingested-repositories) (or your forks).
```

To do that you need to setup your local environment for the ingest process to work.

> The ingest script is a python script and has it's own dependencies (separate from the docusaurus framework).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingest script is a python script and has its dependencies (separate from the docusaurus framework).
```
